# Spring 2021 Human-Centered Design — Assignment 1

* **Do not edit this file.**  
* **Do not start this project until you have read these instructions carefully.**

## Before You Begin
1. Log in to GitHub.
2. Fork this repo(sitory). See [this video](http://code-warrior.github.io/tutorials/git/github/forking-and-cloning-at-the-github-web-site/) on how to carry out this step and step `3`.
3. Clone your fork, using either the web site or the GitHub Desktop client.
4. Checkout your personalized branch, the one with your name and GitHub user handle.

---

## Introduction

For this assignment, create a form that allows a user to register for a web site. Collect the following data:

* First name.
* Last name.
* Address, parsed by number, street, apartment (should it apply), city, state, and ZIP code. Assume a US address.
* Desired yearly salary.
* Telephone, parsed by area code and number.
* Available date.
* Willing to relocate, nationally and/or internationally.

You’ll need to provide a way for the user to clear the form fields so they can start the registration process anew. This is typically done with a button.

All the content entered into the form fields should update a section of the page you might call “Results” or “Report”. Ideally, this section will be in the bottom half of the page. The report should be updated in real-time as the user enters input into the form. Errors should be reported — whenever possible — _while_ the user enters data.

---

## Rules
* Only submit files that are required by your project. Modify `.gitignore` as needed.
* Use lowercase, combined with kebab case, to name folders and files (`do-this` or `do-this.html`); no spaces in folder or file names (`not this`); no camel case (`notThis`); no snake case (`not_this`).
* Place all your markup in a file called `index.html`.
* Place all your CSS in a file called `style.css`, which should go in a folder called `css`.
* Place all your JavaScript in a file called `app.js`, which should go in a folder called `js`.
* Should you choose to use images, create a folder called `img` and place it in the root of this repo. **Limit images to 1MB or smaller.**
* Do not remove the `.gitignore` file.

---

## Due
Saturday, 6 March 2021, at 11:59 PM.

---

## Submission
You will need to issue a pull request back into the original repo, the one from which your fork was created. See the **Issuing Pull Requests** section of [this site](http://code-warrior.github.io/tutorials/git/github/index.html) for help on how to submit your assignment.

**Note**: This assignment may *only* be submitted via GitHub. **No other form of submission will be accepted**.

---

## Grading
| Item                    | Points |
|-------------------------|:------:|
| *Interaction quality*   | `25`   |
| *Visual quality*        | `25`   |
| *Code quality*          | `25`   |
| *Error-checking*        | `25`   |
